Night supper, this is the Bai family who let you in
What qualifications do you have to enter?
Get out of here
Don't embarrass yourself here
I'll take him in.
Xueyao, it's only one day
What ecstasy soup did I pour you this supper?
I just know what's right and what's wrong with you
Grandpa, do you still have me as a grandfather in your eyes?
Kneel down grandpa
I don't know what I did wrong.
You still don't know where you went wrong
Sin plus one
Kneel down without my permission
Don't get up
You mother
These people
Really took medicine
Even grandpa's words dare to go against
Kneel down now
Xueyao, why don't you even listen to your grandfather's words?
Get on your knees
Grandpa asked you to kneel, didn't you hear?
I didn't do anything wrong.
Why kneel?
You still don't know where you went wrong
I ask you
You are without any evidence
Why did you say your uncle poisoned you?
And the father who hurt you
I have proof.
only
Just the video from the surveillance room
Active early
Well, there is still no evidence.
Kneel down Jacky Cheung
Apologize to your uncle